So comedians have been throwing opinions out there and getting canceled for it, I've got an opinion I want to share but I'm not sure how it's going to come off. 
So I'm going to be as gentle and specific with this topic as I can be. 
Italian food fucking sucks. 


I'm not saying all Italians, Even though they gave us such hits as Mousilini, Vespas, and Catholocism. I'm actually being specific. 

American Italian food sucks.
Not just like Olive Garden and Sabaros, Those are well established they suck, great for the price but they suck. I'm talking all American Italian food. 
If you relate to the cast of the jersey shore (Dating myself here) 
Or if you have to explain to me how authentic this is cause it came from some street with a number for a name
If you correct my pronounciation on Mozerella or Mozerel or Ricotta to Ricot 
your grandma's food sucked and yours does too. 

I'm tired of being gaslighted by the northeast into pretending this is good food. 

This is a highly personal thing I know for a lot of people and it's okay your food sucks. Just stop pretending it doesn't.

it's very much a food created by white people, like we've taken a hamburger and don't have the decency to put it on a bun dried that bread out throw it into the glob of meet and then added the scantest amount of drieg Parsley
FUCKING PARSELY that's a damn garnish on a good day when it's fresh, you're gonna dry it out and call it a flavor. atleast the swedish have a good sauce and make them manageable Italian nah we're compensating. We get it damn.

then they put that shit on pasta. 

I don't wait till desert and show you my christmas cookie display of all sugar cookies and then have 30 fucking minute discussions on how the house shaped one holds milk better than the Tree shaped on
But Penne and Spaghetti are better at holding sauce, it's the same dough, Noodles are noodles none of it helps your bland ass sauce.

Sauce tastes like canned tomatoes no matter what, Ragu or your grandma's stuff same same. It's the whitest shit I've ever seen they have a gallon pot on the stove like, cause you're making tomato sauce for the upper east side of manhattan
then they add 1 clove of garlic, snicker look at you like they're doing something bad and add one more. ONLY ONE MORE. 
Not a head of garlic per GALLON JUG of tomatoes one clove, you're gonna taste the essence that garlic drove by and said Nah lets go get on something better than shitty gaspatcho. Hotspatcho
Then you see a fucking reenactment of Princess and the Pea, they add like the smallest amounto of salt I've ever seen like Micro grains of salt to again the ocean of tomatoes, 
and then some other person who's taking a break from telling you the difference between spaghett (cause words don't have endings) and linguini is going to warn them to not oversalt the food. NOT A DAMN CHANCE OF THAT SHIT HAPPENING.
they let this "simmer", which it's not it's barely cooking, on the stove, no bubbling just staying luke warm watching the meatballs dry out even further, for HOURS, what spices are getting to know each other?
both cloves of garlic aren't going to find each other in that water world of tomatoe hell, that one sprig of basil? cause you don't want it spicy and two sprigs is just insanity, 
or the spent piece of permesian cheese, yeah they'll throw in the rind of a permesean cheese like this is gonna help, like at best it's gonna thicken which it never does,
so they ladel this shitty ass sauce on my italian christmass cookie plate of pasta and the only thing soaking up this hotspatcho is a dried out testicle of meat.

I get you grew up with this culinary hate crime but your nostalgia isn't a cuisine. Lets all admit it. Italian food sucks.

