Being one of the most generic nerdy white guys you've seen, it's going to come as a surprise I am not drowning in women.
Bar friends suggested I get a job bartending they always get the girls. 

It sucked balls, and not in the good way.

I'd have one start coming in consistently drinking the cheapest wine we have, 
you know the kind who get passive agressively drunk. 
"maybe I want another idk depends on your attitude."


compalining the entire time. 

It was like a had a friend zone bat man signal outside my bar. 
"Behind the bar tonight the Ken Doll, Genericly white and has no genetalia" 

"I should break up with my boy, he never treats me right" 
"I can't find a nice guy" 
"Why is your wine so expensive don't you know I'm a regular"
Regular pain in my ass. 
The only places you ever go are here and dance clubs 
If you want advice Don't make life choices when your tongue is purple from cheap wine.

How many time have you been to wedding where you heard the words 
"I don't know if it was the five shots of jager, the top 40 rap I coudn't hear her over, or the fact I could tell how desperate she was by her underwear, But I knew then it was forever love."

I'm looking for my Disney Prince
Well that seems like a terrible idea. 

You have prince charming who's married to atleast two women, Cinderella and Snow white. 
Are they all mormon? 
Does the Enchanted forest not have Bigome laws?

You have prince Phillip who "had to wake the girl up" who's kissing unconcious women

Or Prince Eric who's getting told to disney rape (cause in all disney movies kissing is a metaphor for sex) the girl who's mute, 
and is being told this by her singing crab infestation. 



"Ok Mark, what do you want in a girl?"
I just want to dance with somebody I want to feel the heat with somebody
"Why do you do that? You always bring up 80's female pop singers when I complain about my love life."
I don't know the right answer but the wrong one was "because love is a battlefield"
TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY I've got a problem I need your help with
Ok hun, hit me with your best shot.
She smacked me

I did finally figure out how to get the girl to stop complaining, we got married so now I'm the problem.
