I know what you're all thinking
"Not another generic white guy"
I'm like the kirkland farms of white, CostCo brand average white guy.

Like a hipster failed out for being a Mr Rogers Impersonator

I don't like people saying white people don't have culture.
As a Saltine American I find that offensive, we have slang.
I've never seen anyone other than a white guy say the words neat outside of a bar.
Or Okie Dokie
or thanks for the warning officer.

"what's love got to do with it?"
OK you need to stop that
what?
Why do you need to bring up 80's female pop singers everytime we talk about our relationship
Because love is a battlefield?
TAKE THIS SERIOUS, Serious question.
Ok hit me with your best shot.
She hit me.

We went to ikea last weekend,
that's swedish for impending divorce. 
It turned out ok though, the key was making sure you mesaure the space first,
Her being back in florida for the week was enough space that she wouldn't yell at me for the five times I had to go do home depot.
Cause all they give you is an allen wrench.
Can you imagine that meeting, 
Our documentaion writer  Billy we're gonna name the bookcase after you, 
Stieg you're as dependable as this stool,
and Allen, you're never around when we need you, and I swear to god if I find one more piece of bent metal in my vaccuum cleaner after putting together this furniture i'm gonna blow a gasket OK ALLEN.


We found a dog recently, 
Pit Bull was just sitting accross the street from our house
Pregnant as a catholic newly wed,
I said no way is that thing coming into our house,
My wife's a bit of an animal nut, if you ever get a chance to marry a woman who's into animals... don't.
We compromised and that pregnant ass dog just had 13 puppies in my guest room.

Do you know how hard it is to get rid of 13 pit bull puppies?
Knock on my door on Sunday "Do you have time to talk about jehovah? "Sure she's right here, Jehovah is a pit mix she comes with her own bag of pet food I hope you're happy with her" they passed,
Also you cannot barter at whataburger for a puppy, not even a small fry. Company policy my ass they just don't know a deal.
I walked into that pet store in the mall, I found this by the pretzle stand you all need to make sure these things stay in their cages.

My wife's on health kick.

"you're getting fat, you need to work out."
I'm not fat I'm american shaped.

she rides horses, she's into the whole equestrian thing.
I wish it were cocaine it'd be so much cheaper.
I don't get the sport equestrian, 
You take an animal that outweighs you by a large sum 
give it a decorative belt, then jab it with points on the heel of your shoe for an hour while it dances in a ring.

She started also rock climbing and taking me with her.
With all the incredibly in shape people there,
I bet thats how the tunnel was invented.
Fat guy is watching his friends easily climb this rock 
"Fuck it i'm going through"


